# Welcome to Rock Band 3 Plus!
This repository contains upgrades for songs in RB3 intended to enhance the playing experience. It aims to have as many harmonies, pro strings, and pro keys upgrades for legacy songs as possible.

## Harmonies

Harmony upgrades allow for all applicable pre-RB3 songs to be sang with up to 3 people via the addition of harmony vocal tubes. All harmony files (with the exception of the forbidden harmonies) have been authored by [Rock Band: Harmonies Project (RBHP)](https://github.com/FujiSkunk/rbhp). However, many of these upgrades contained bugs such as lyrics displaying twice or vocal tubes being disconnected, so I went ahead and tweaked all of them. These fixed upgrades can also be found built-in to another RB3 project, [Rock Band 3 Deluxe](https://github.com/jnackmclain/rock-band-3-deluxe).

## Pro Strings
Pro string upgrades allow for all applicable songs to be played in either the Pro Guitar or Pro Bass mode, via the actual instruments' tabs. Every pro string upgrade midi in this repository has been authored by myself, UNLESS stated otherwise in that specific song's upgrades.dta file. Cases of this include, but may not be limited to, the authoring of pro bass tabs in addition to somebody else's pro guitar tabs, or replacing RBHP's optional pro string upgrades' autogenerated Easy/Medium/Hard tabs with manually authored ones.

## Pro Keys
TBA

## How to install these into my copy of RB3?

In order to play all the upgraded harmonies, I'd recommend downloading and installing Rock Band 3 Deluxe - it has all my fixed upgrade files, plus additional quality-of-life upgrades and features.

In order to play a pro string upgrade, you will need C3ConTools for its CON Creator. Launch the CON Creator, and make sure the root folder is titled "songs_upgrades" and NOT "songs" like it defaults to. Then, within this folder, insert both a song's plus.mid and upgrades.dta file. Name the package whatever you like, then build the package as a LIVE file. Go onto your JTAG/RGH Xbox, open the File Manager, navigate to Hdd1/Content/0000000000000000/45410914/00000002, and paste the upgrade there. Finally, boot up Rock Band 3 and enjoy your pro strings upgrade!

## Contributing
I would love contributions from other passionate, dedicated upgrade authors! If you would like to contribute an upgrade of your own, please fork this repository and submit a pull request containing your upgrade.
